bakery store
grocerystore store
clothingstore store
deli store
laundromat store
bookstore store
videostore store
florist store
shoeshop store
mall store
toystore store
bedroom home
closet home
pantry home
children_room home
lobby home
dining_room home
corridor home
livingroom home
bathroom home
kitchen home
stairscase home
winecellar home
garage home
prisoncell public_spaces
church_inside public_spaces
library public_spaces
cloister public_spaces
poolinside public_spaces
inside_bus public_spaces
inside_subway public_spaces
trainstation public_spaces
airport_inside public_spaces
buffet leisure
fastfood_restaurant leisure
concert_hall leisure
restaurant leisure
bar leisure
gameroom leisure
casino leisure
gym leisure
hairsalon leisure
kindergarden working_place
artstudio working_place
classroom working_place
studiomusic working_place
office working_place
computerroom working_place
warehouse working_place
greenhouse working_place
dentaloffice working_place
tv_studio working_place
meeting_room working_place
